WAKE COUNTY, NC

CHARLES P. GILLIAM

REGISTER OF DEEDS

‘ PRESENTED & RECORDED ON
: 03-27-2018 AT 14:33:14

BKO17080PG02313

BOOK: 017060 PAGE: 02313 - 02317

Prepared by and renun, after recording to: Henry W. Jones, Jr.
Jordan Price Wall Gray Jones & Carlton, PLLC
P.O, Box 10469, Raleigh, NC 27603

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA FIRST AMENDMENT TO
DECLARATION OF CONDOMINIUM
. FOR DAWSON ON MORGAN
WAKE COUNTY CONDOMINIUM

This FIRST AMENDMENT TO DECLARATION OF CONDOMINIUM FOR
DAWSON ON MORGAN CONDOMINIUM (this “Amendment”) is made as of this
day of Qi hee © , 2017, by the Owners subject to the. Declaration (as defined
below). Capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned
to such terms in the Declaration (as defined below),

WITNESSETH:

WHERBAS, that certain Declaration of Condominium for Dawson on Morgan
Condominium. was recorded in the Office of the Register of Deeds for Wake County,
North Carolina, in Book 11288, Page 129, and was supplemented by that certain
Supplement to Declaration of Condominium for Dawson on Morgan Condominium
recorded in the Office of the Register of Deeds for Wake County, North Carolina, in
Book 11748, Page 2047 (as amended and supplemented as of the date hereof, the
“Declaration”; .

WHEREAS, the Dawson on Morgan Condominium Owners Association Inc., a
North Carolina nonprofit corporation (the “Association”), was incorporated on December
3, 2004 with the North Carolina Secretary of State;

WHEREAS, the Owners subject to the Declaration now desite to amend the
Declaration as set forth herein;

: WHEREAS, pursuant to Article XV of the Declaration, the Declaration may be
amended only by the vote of not less than seventy percent (70%) of the Owners, and not
less than fifty one percent (51%) of the Morigagees, cast in person or by proxy at a

Submitted electronically by “Jordan Price Wal] Gray Jones & CarTton"
in compliance with North Carolina statutes governing recordable documents
and the terms of the submitter agreement with the wake County Register of beads.

 

 

 
BKO17080PG02314

rmeeting duly held in accordance with the Bylaws, provided that any amendment which
amends or alters the Common Elements Interest of any Unit, increases the number of
Units, changes the boundaries of any Unit, changes the use to which any Unit is
restricted, or modifies the terms of Article XV of the Declaration shall require the writien
approval of all Owners, together with the consent of all their respective Mortgagees; and

WHEREAS, attached hereto as “Exhibit A” and incorporated by reference herein,
is a Certification of Validity of the Amendment to the Declaration by the Association;

NOW, THEREFORE, the undersigned do hereby declare that the Declaration is
amended as follows:

1, Article V, Section 5.2 (b) of the Declaration is hereby deleted in its
entirety and the following is inserted in lieu thereof:

(b) Any shutters, awnings, window boxes, porches, decks, balconies,
patios and all exterior doors and windows or other fixtures designed to
serve a single Unit, but located outside that Unit’s boundaries, which shall
be Limited Common Elements the cost of the maintenance, repair or
replacement of which shall be considered a Common Expense of the
Association.

2. Article V, Section 5.2 (d) of the Declaration is hereby deleted in its
entirety and the following is inserted in lieu thereof:

(d) Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, those areas
designated as Individual Residential Limited Common Elements on the
Plang shall be allocated to the Unit to which such Limited Common
Elements are servicing.

3, Article V, Section 5.2 (g) of the Declaration is hereby deleted in its
entirety and the following is inserted in lieu thereof: .

(g) Parking spaces located on the ground level within a fenced parking
area consiructed as the first level of the Building shall be allocated to each
Unit as a Limited Common Element of that Unit, In addition, each of the
fifty-eight (58) original residential Units shall be allocated one (1) storage
unit located in the storage building on the basement level or elsewhere on
the Property constructed as a part of the Building as identified on the
Plans, The parking spaces and storage units, once allocated to an
individual Unit, shall remain associated with that Unit and the Owner's
right to use the same shall pass to any successor Owner of such Unit.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Declarant, during the Declarant Control
Period, shall have the right to recapture and/or relocate parking spaces and
storage units in the reasonable discretion of the Declarant, as more
particularly described in Article VI below, provided the same does not

 
BKO017080PG02315

materially, adversely affect any Owner's rights hereunder. Until such time
as they are allocated to a specific Unit, parking spaces and storage units
shall rernain under the exclusive control of the Declarant, and declarant
may sell, lease, and/or transfer the right to use said parking spaces and
storage units in Declarant's sole discretion.

The cleanliness and orderliness of the areas designated on the Plans as
General Common Elements, Retail Limited Common Elements,
Residential Limited Common Elements and Individual Residential
Limited Common Elements shall be the responsibility of the Association
and the cost thereof shall be considered a Common Expense of the
Association, provided, however, except as otherwise specifically provided
above, the cost of the maintenance, repair or replacement of any portion of
the Retail Limited Common Elements, Residential Limited Common
Elements and/or Individual Residential Limited Common Elements, the
right to the use and enjoyment of which is limited to a particular Unit or
class of Units shall be the exclusive responsibility of the Owners of the
Units or class of Units to which such Limited Common Elements are
allocated. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, heating,
ventilation and air conditioning units shall be the exclusive responsibility
for maintenance and repairs of the individual Owners of the Units which
such heating, ventilation and air conditioning units serve. In the case of
Residential Limited Common Elements, costs of maintenance, repair and
replacement shall be allocated fo all residential Units, in the percentages
set forth in the "Residential Percent Interest" column on Exhibit B
attached hereto. In the case of Retail Limited Common Elements, costs of
maintenance, repair and replacement shall be allocated to all commercial
Units, in the percentages set forth in the "Commercial Percent Interest"
column on Exhibit B attached hereto. References in this Declaration to
"Common Elements" shall include Limited Common Elements unless the
context clearly indicates otherwise. Except as otherwise set forth herein,
the allocation of use of Limited Common Elements to the Units as
provided for in this Declaration shall not be altered without the unanimous
consent of the Owners whose Units are affected. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Association shall have the right to
contract with a landscape maintenance company to maintain all of the
landscaping and lawns on the Land. Furthormore, the Association shall
have the right to contract with a maintenance company to maintain all
parking areas, elevators, fire protection, security access, and other systems
serving the Building, as well as common corridors constructed as a part of
the Building. The cost of maintaining these items and systems shell be
considered a Common Expense of the Association.

5. Except as amended herein, all remaining provisions of the Declaration shall

rematn in full force and effect.

 

 

 
BKO17080PG02316

wa

6, This Amendment shall be effective on the date of its recordation in the
Office of the Register of Deeds of Wake County,

DAWSON ON MORGAN
CONDOMINIUM OWNERS
ASSOCIATION INC,

a North Carolina non-ppofit corporation.

  

ATTEST,;

  

| Secretary

 

 

 

 
BKO17080PG02317

RTIFICATION [TY OF FIRST AMEN LARA
CO. FOR DAWSON ON MORGAN C OMINTU:

By authority of its Bourd of Directors, Dawson on Morgan Condominium Owners
Association Inc. (the “Association”) hereby certifies that the foregoing instrument has been
duly approved by the Owners in accordance with the Declaration of Condominium for
Dawson on Morgan Condominium and the Bylaws of the Association and is, therefore, a
valid amendment to the existing Declaration of Condominium for Dawson on Morgan

   

 

 

Condominium,
DAWSON ON MORGAN
CONDOMINIUM OWNERS
ASSOCIATION INC.,,
a North Carolipa non-profit corporation
By: 7;
Chas Mates _, President
ATTEST: ‘
Lumed
Wun _, Seoretary
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA
ACKNOWLEDGMENT
COUNTY OF WAKE
; L lap tas Seach olary Public of the County and State aforesaid, certify that
bie ‘sting D We Lftit_» personally came before me this day and acknowledged that he/she

is Secretary of Dawson on Morgan Condominium Owners Association Inc, and that by
authority duly given and as the act of the corporation, the foregoing instrament was signed
in its name by its President and attested by as its Secretary.

‘Witness my hand and official stamp or seal, this t day of het. , 2017.

Br sired ean Bh obit Meade Hine Eben fi,
KANG SHUSHU SSADLEH
Notary Public Pri
Wake County t ame

Narth Carolina
My Comimlzsion Expres Sen 7, 2078 ; Sent] sewat Be P
dengoimeeponag anon Exgures Sen 7, 2018 My commission expires: off Ze,

  
   

 

 

 
